Bug 1891478 Implementation of `documentId` in more extension APIs (#44491)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/runtime/getdocumentid/index.md

---
title: runtime.getDocumentId()
slug: Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/runtime/getDocumentId
page-type: webextension-api-function
browser-compat: webextensions.api.runtime.getDocumentId
sidebar: addonsidebar
---

Returns the document ID of any window global or frame element.

## Syntax

```js-nolint
let documentId = browser.runtime.getDocumentId(
  target               // object
)
```

### Parameters

- `target`
  - : A {{glossary("WindowProxy")}} or a {{glossary("browsing context")}} container {{DOMxRef("Element","element")}} (iframe, frame, embed, or object) for the target frame.

### Return value

> Returns the document UUID of the target frame's document, or `undefined` if the frame doesn't exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the document UUID of the target. Throws an error if the window or frame was unloaded.
```

`runtime.getDocument()` does not return `undefined`, it throws an error if the frame does not have an active document, e.g. when the frame element was not inserted in the document.

You can see an example here:
https://searchfox.org/firefox-main/rev/bd6e0031ae3274c8f2222d1e7481f0fff43d5eca/toolkit/components/extensions/test/xpcshell/test_ext_runtime_getDocumentId.js#58-70
